Add contentful background-image to Element Timing supported elements (#36061)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performanceelementtiming/index.md

- {{htmlelement("img")}} elements,
- {{SVGElement("image")}} elements inside an {{SVGElement("svg")}},
- [poster](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/video#poster) images of {{htmlelement("video")}} elements,

> - elements which have a contentful {{cssxref("background-image")}} (url valued and available), and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- elements which have a contentful {{cssxref("background-image")}} with a URL value for a resource that is actually available, and
```
